# js-weather-app

During the development of this weather app, I exercised some already acquired JS skills, such as advanced DOM manipulation, as well as dealing with asynchronous functions, and handling promises. I also, however, utilised concepts that were new to me - recursion being the main one. I used recursion to extract the correct information out of the list of weather forecasts provided by the open weather map API to display the applicable future weather forecasts for following four days. This function works by taking in a list of information, filtering out certain desirable information and pushing them to a new array, then using recursion, it calls itself and reenters the remaining items in the list until there are no items left and all the information is separated into the correct categories within an array. I developed this function on my own using only the knowledge I'd acquired regarding the general concept of recursion, and didn't look at any other code in regard to using this specific API - I also didn't look at any other code in regard to how to build this app and developed all the logic myself until I was happy with the functionality.

Another concept I learned during the making of this app was the importance of hiding 'secrets' so that they are not available to view and otherwise utilise for malicious means - for a second there, I was naive enough to believe the internet was a safe place. This forced me to research environment variables as well as look deeper into back-end web development, which I will be exploring further with hopes to then safely deploy this app to netlify. Ultimately, I'm glad I learned this early so I can avoid any potential mistakes in the future.

For the time being I've included a 'config-example.js' file in this repository which simply needs renaming to 'config.js' in which one can add their own key if they wish to use this app.
